## 美国官员担心重型电动汽车增加撞车风险

1. As ~~the~~ electric vehicles become more popular in the United States, a gover<font color="#dd0000">n</font>ment safety expert is expressing his concern about the automobile<font color="#dd0000">s</font>.

2. <font color="#dd0000">Jennifer Homendy</font> runs <font color="#dd0000">the</font> National Transportation Safety Board~~er~~, or NTSB.

3. In <font color="#dd0000">a</font> recent speech, she noted that ~~manufactuals~~ <font color="#dd0000">manufacturers</font> are making <font color="#dd0000">electric cars</font> heavier and heavier ~~vehicles~~.

4. This is a problem in crashing with the lighting, traditional cars.

   This is a problem in crashes with lighter, traditional cars.

5. She gave an example of a large vehicle, called Hamma.

   She gave the example of one large vehicle called a ~~Hamma~~ <font color="#dd0000">Hummer</font>.

6. The vehicle's design is based on military cars.

   The automobile~~s~~'s design is based on military vehicles.

7. The new electric vehicle of Hummer weights about 4000 kilograms.

   The new electric Hummer weigh~~t~~s  about 4000 kilograms. 

8. The batteries powered vehicle weigh about 1300 kilograms.

   The ~~batteries~~ battery that power<font color="#dd0000">s</font> it weigh<font color="#dd0000">s</font> 1300 kilograms.

9. Only the weight of battery is heavier than  Honda Civic, which is a small japaneses car that powered by traditional engine.

   The battery along is heavier than <font color="#dd0000">the</font> Honda Civic, a small ~~japaniese~~  <font color="#dd0000">japanese</font> car with a traditional engine. 

10. Homendy said, she is worried about "increasing risk of severe injured and death of all road users".

    Homemdy said, she is worried about "increasing risk of severe injury and death for all road users".

11. She noted the new vehicle's size and power.

​		She noted the size and power of <font color="#dd0000">the</font> newer vehicles.

12. Electric vehicles need large and heavy battery in order to get longer distance maney drivers seek.

    The electric vehicles need large, heavy batter~~y~~<font color="#dd0000">ies</font> in order to travel <font color="#dd0000">the</font> longer distances maney drivers seek.

13. Experts said it will take years to develop smaller batteries for the same result.

    Experts ~~said~~ <font color="#dd0000">say</font> it will take years to develop smaller batteries that provide the same result.

14. Homendy said that she is pleasure that president Jeo Bidden wants to reduce the number of vehicles that hunt environment.

    Homendy said ~~that~~ she is pleased that President ~~Jeo Bidden~~  <font color="#dd0000">Joe Biden</font> wants to reduce the number of vehicles that harm <font color="#dd0000">the</font> environment.

15. But she is still concerned about the heavy vehicles.

    But she is still concerned about the risk from heavy vehicles.

16. She said that we have to be careful that we aren't creating unintending consequences.

    We have to be careful that we aren't also creating unintended consequences, she said.

17. The electric vehicles are expected to be popular including Ford XXX trunk and XXX.

    Some of new electric vehicles  <font color="#dd0000">that</font> are expected to be popular include Ford's F-150 ~~trunk~~ <font color="#dd0000">truck</font> and ~~Mastan~~ <font color="#dd0000">Mustang</font> Mach E.

18. She said they are seval hundrunds kilograms heavier than goasline powered version.

    She said they are hundreds <font color="#dd0000">of</font> kilograms heavier than their ~~goasline~~ <font color="#dd0000">gasoline-</font>powered versions.

19.  The NTSB investigates accidences, but not  make rules.

    The NTSB investigates acciden~~ces~~ accidents, but does not make rules.

20. New rules must come from The National Traffic Safety Administration.

    New rules must come from The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

21. Mical Bruus runs the center of auto safety.

    ~~XXX XXX~~ <font color="#dd0000">Michael Brooks</font> runs the Center for Auto Safety.

22. He has the same concern as Homemdy.

    He has the same concerns as Homemdy.

23. He said, there are little research about increase heavy of electric vehicles.

​		He said there has been little research about <font color="#dd0000">the</font> growing weight of electric vehicles.

24. He pointed to a 2011 study that the crash accident including vehicles with about 500 kilograms extra weight will increace the chance of death 47%.

    He pointed to a 2011 study that showed a crash including ~~the~~ <font color="#dd0000">a</font> vehicles with about 500 extra kilograms increased the chance<font color="#dd0000">s</font> of death by 47%.

25. This research does not conside the chances of design, which is hard to see from new electric cars.

    That study does not take into account design changes, ~~which is~~ <font color="#dd0000">that make it</font> hard to see from new electric vehicles.

26. He also expressed that the electric vehicles can reach top speed faster than gas powerd vehicles.

    He also said the electric vehicles can reach top speed faster than gas powered cars.

27. Brooks said: "These bigger, heavier batteries will cause severer damage".

    These bigger, heavier batteries are going to cause more damage, Brooks said.

28. This is a simple matter of mass and speed.

    ~~This~~  <font color="#dd0000">It</font> is a simple matter of mass and speed.

29. The United States's electric vehicle sales increased about 65 percent in 2022 compare to  a year before.

    The number of electric vehicles sold in the US in 2022 rose by almost 65 percent compare<font color="#dd0000">d</font> to ~~a~~  <font color="#dd0000">the</font> year before. 

30. Right now, there are 6 percent new cars on road is electric vehicles.

    They now make up nearly 6 percent of new vehicles on the road.

31. The number of vehicles with heavy battery will only grow.

    The number of vehicles with heavy batter~~y~~<font color="#dd0000">ies</font>  will only grow.

32. Biden administration wants the number of ecletric vehicles sales make up 50 percent of all new cars in 2030.

    Biden<font color="#dd0000">'s</font> administraton wants ~~the~~ electric vehicles to be 50 percent of all new vehicles sold by 2030.