## 美国教师利用人工智能助力学生学习

1. Many educators worried about that students will use artificial intellingence (AI) tool ChatGPT to write report or cheat on homework.

   Many educators fear ~~that~~ students will use the artificial intelligence (AI) tool ChatGPT to write their reports or cheat on homework.

2. But other teachers are including it on class.

   But others teachers are including it in the classroom.

3. Txx.Perxxx is a teacher in XXX.XXX

    <font color="#dd0000">Donnie Piercey</font> is a teacher in  <font color="#dd0000">LexingTon, Kentucky</font>.

4. He told his 23 fith grade students to try to and outsmart the tool that are creating writing assignment.

   He told his 23 ~~fith~~ <font color="#dd0000">fifth</font> grade students to try and outsmart the tool that was creating writing assignments.

5. Piercey said, his work it to make students prepared for the world that knowledge of artificial intelligence is needed.

   Piercey said his job is to prepare students ~~the~~ <font color="#dd0000">for a </font> world where knowledge of AI will be required.

6. He described CharGPT as newest technology in his 17 years of teaching that cause people's worry about possibility of cheating.

    He describe~~d~~<font color="#dd0000">s</font>  CharGPT as just newest technology in his 17 years of teaching that cause<font color="#dd0000">d</font> concerns about possibility of cheating.

7. which include tools help math and spell, such as google, wikiXXX and youtube.

    They include~~d~~ tools to help math and spelling as well as google, ~~wikixxxx~~ <font color="#dd0000">Wikipedia</font> and youtube.

8. "As educators, we haven't figure out the best way to use artificial intellingence yet", He added.

    "As educators, we haven't figure<font color="#dd0000">d</font> out the best way to use artificial intellingence yet.", He added.

9. But it coming whatever we wanted or not.

    But it is coming ~~whatever~~ <font color="#dd0000">whether</font> we want <font color="#dd0000">it</font> to or not.

10. One lesson in his class is writing game between students and machine.

    One lesson in his class was a writing game between students and <font color="#dd0000">the</font> machine.

11. Piercey let students to "find the bot".

      Piercey asked students to "Find the Bot".

12. Every students were need to write a short report about mess XXX.XX.

      Each student wrote a short report about boxer ~~XX.XX~~ <font color="#dd0000">Muhammad Ali.</font>

13. And then, they try to figure out which was writen by ChatGPT.

      Then they tried to figure out which was writen by ChatGPT.

14. Teaching low level grade, Piercey was less worried about cheating than teaching high level graph.

      Teaching a low<font color="#dd0000">er</font> grade level, Piercey ~~was~~  <font color="#dd0000">is</font> less worried about cheating than high school teachers.

15. His school system was blocked students from ChatGPT, but permit teachers to use it.

      His school system has blocked students from ChatGPT, but permit<font color="#dd0000">s</font> teachers to use it.

16. Many educators around the country said school need time to figure out with ChatGPT.

      Many educators around the country say schools need time to figure out the ~~Chat Bot~~ chabot.

17. But they also say it's ban is useless for students that are good at technology and can work around it.

      But they also say ~~it's~~ <font color="#dd0000">a</font> ban will be useless against students that are good at technology and can work around it.

18. ChatGPT become popular after its november launch.

      ChatGPT qiuckly became popular after its November launch.

19. Since then, Google and many companies alse released their own artificial intelligence chatbot.

      Other companies like Google ~~has~~ <font color="#dd0000">have</font> since released their version<font color="#dd0000">s</font> of AI-powered chatbots.

20. At the Future of education technology conference at LXX Newxxx last month, Tecxxx math teacher XS.BLTL gave a speech about "The magic of AI writing for all subject."

     At the Future of Education Technology Conference in ~~Lxx xxx~~ <font color="#dd0000">New Orleans, Louisiana</font> last month, ~~Txx~~ <font color="#dd0000">Texas</font> math teacher ~~xx.xx~~ <font color="#dd0000">Heather Brantley</font> gave a talk ~~about~~ <font color="#dd0000">on</font> "The Magic ~~with writing of AI~~ <font color="#dd0000">of Writing with AI</font> for all subject."

21. "I am using ChatGPT to enhance all my lessons." she told the Assosiate Press.

     "I am using ChatGPT to enhance all my lessons." she told the Assosiate<font color="#dd0000">d</font> Press.

22. The tool is blocked to students, but open to teachers at her school.

     The tool is blocked for students, but open<font color="#dd0000">s</font> to teachers at her school.

23. She said she make chatbot to create example in real world for her math lesson.

​		She said she asked <font color="#dd0000">the</font> chatbot to create real-world~~'s~~ examples for her math class.

24. In a class about slope, or xxx, chatbot suggested students could build slope out of xxx.

    For a lesson about slope, or the direction of <font color="#dd0000">a</font> line ~~and algible~~ <font color="#dd0000">in algebra</font>, The chatbot suggested students build ~~rampes~~ <font color="#dd0000">ramps</font> out of ~~catboard~~ <font color="#dd0000">cardboard</font>.

25. Then, students could measure the slope.

    <font color="#dd0000">The</font> students could then measure the slope.

26. When teaching surface, the chatbot said students could see how the ideal work in real world by xxx gifts or make cradboard, Brantley said.

    For teaching about surface area, the chatbot said students will see how the ideal works in real life when ~~ramping~~ <font color="#dd0000">wrapping</font> gifts or building a cardboard box~~es~~, said Brantley.

27. Students in Piercey's class said, cooperation with chatbot makes leaning fun.

    Students in Piercey's class said working with a chatbot makes learning fun.

28. After playing "Find the Bot", Piercey asked students what skills it help them learn.

    After playing "Find the Bot", Piercey asked his class what skills it help<font color="#dd0000">ed</font> them learn.

29. "How to properly summeries, correctly spell words and use cormers." one student said.

    "How to properly ~~summeried~~<font color="#dd0000">summarize</font> and correctly <font color="#dd0000">capitalize</font> words and use ~~cormers~~ <font color="#dd0000">commas</font>." said one student.

30. Another student thought sentences writing by students have a little more feeling, more flavor.

​		Another student felt sentences writen by students hace a little more feeling, more flavor.

32. Students XX and XX, both ten years old said they can see good and bad parts after work with chatbots.

    Students ~~xx~~ <font color="#dd0000">Olivia Laksi</font> and ~~xx~~ <font color="#dd0000">Katherine McCormick</font>, both 10, said they can see the good and bad parts of work<font color="#dd0000">ing</font> with charbots.

33. They can help students who has trouble to put ideal into writing.

    They can help students who have trouble putting their thoughts into writing.

34. And there is no limit to the creativity it can add to classwork.

    And there is no limit to the creativity it can add to classwork.

35. Mxxx said students can use it for suggustion, but should not use it to do all the work.

    <font color="#dd0000">McCormick</font> said students can use it for suggestions, but should not use it to do all the work.

36. McCormick said: "You shoud not take advantage of it".

    "You shouldn't take advantage of it", McCormick said.

37. "If you type in what you want, and then it give you the answer, you will not lean anything."

    "You are not learning anything, if you type in what you want, and then it give<font color="#dd0000">s</font> you the answer."
